These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.
I love these boots. I have a wide foot and needed comfortable boots that I can wear all day without getting tired and still look classy.These boots were perfect and oh so comfortable. Everyone made a comment about how great they look.
well the price of this watch is 23 dollars, but it is better to add extra and buy better product
Runs very big.  I had to send them back.  I think I would have to order them at least one whole size or more smaller.
I really love this ring. It fits well, feels good, and looks great. I've had several compliments on it. It's a really nice ring (and it doesn't turn my finger green - LOL).
I ordered the Coach Antique and the Brown.  I got a lot of compliments regarding the color of these boots.  The color is beautiful.  The gold buckles set them off.  Unfortunately, after wearing the Coach Antique boots twice, the heel started to wobble and I was afraid that I would fall and break an ankle.  I am 5'7" and 154 pounds.  The heels are not that high nor narrow.  You have good support.  When I looked at my Brown boots, one of the heel's tip was missing.  These boots are made of very poor material.  If you have already ordered them, please send them back before it's too late to get a refund or give them to your worst enemy.
Ordered this dress despite the bad reviews and I'm glad I did. Nice light weight cotton blend. Sort of reminds me of a those sort of sheer t-shirts although not as sheer. Very simple design that's perfect for the very petit. No problems with stitching or seams (I sew so I'd know a problem if I saw it). It even got to me 16 days before its estimated arrival.
I really like these earrings. They are not to big, but big enough especially if you don't have really long hair. The diamonds are small, but what do you want for $24.99. They sort of look like silver, but then when you look close you can see the diamonds. I am happy with them, especially the size, they are about the size of a quarter, maybe a little bigger, but not much bigger .The size is what mattered to me, I didn't want really big hoops or really small ones, I think they are just a perfect size hoop.
These shoes do run small.  I ordered a size 1 for my daughter who wears a size 13.  The length is fine but the width is wide!  I ordered a medium width and I would say they are more like a wide.  They are even too wide after pulling the ties tight.
The Fit and quality are both great, It is a very sensual when worn. It may be become  my favorite thong
Bought 2 of these to wear with my platinum diamond engagement ring..Just after about a month or so, stones began falling out.  right now, there's only about half of the stones still intact.  No problems with the stainless steel aspect though.  The metal looks good next to the platinum, just wish it still had all the stones.  Very disappointed...
Love this briefcase.  I had a three gusset expandable brief I got from Wilson's Leather a few years ago, but the handle broke a while back, and since I didn't have time to shop for a new bag, for several months I was using both a computer backpack, and a freebie messenger bag I got at a trade show.  Tired of looking like a schlub, an having people asking me if I worked for [company name on the free bag], I decided I needed something a bit more professional looking.  Looked at a lot of different bags, some twice as expensive as this, and this seemed to have the right blend of looks, storage options and versatility.  Once I got it, I realized I wasn't wrong - it is very slick-looking, but not so fancy that I can't wear it in casual dress.  Zippers all work very smoothly, and the hardware is finished in a tasteful brushed silver.As for storage - the front pocket fits knickknacks like earbuds, several pens, cards, etc, with a padded cellphone pocket that fits an iPhone or a large-ish Android (Samsung Galaxy S II) perfectly.  A small zippered pocket inside the front pocket - if it were a little bigger to fit a passport, that would be awesome, but it's not a huge deal, as it's the perfect size for cleaning cloths for my cellphones and tablets.  The middle pocket has two padded pockets side by side, each taking up about half the width.  These are the perfect size for notebooks, or 7" tablets like my Nexus 7.  The remaining space is separated into two compartments by a stiff divider - I throw my iPad into one compartment, and things like a charger, headset, travel accessories, etc. into the other.  Finally, the laptop compartment fits my 14.1" Lenovo well, with a bit of extra room on the sides.  Don't expect to throw a charger or any bulky accessories in the lapotop compartment - while most other briefcases I've had have a bit of room for stuff like that in the laptop pocket, in this bag, those should go in the middle pocket.  You can put notebooks in here, but more than a Moleskine or a slim training manual would be a tight fit with anything but a slim ultrabook or Macbook Air.Overall, this seems a very good deal as long as you don't pack a lot of accessories - if you're a hardcore road warrior, and tend to pack bigger accessories like a dock, travel projector, or extra charger with you, it will be a tight fit, and you'll want a wheeled brief.  But for the average business traveler, this is an excellent choice, and very well laid out.  I'll try to put some pictures up when I can.
I really like the Dansko shoes. These are so pretty.  There was not even any brake in time. Took them out to the box and just wear them.
I Love these shoes!!! I know have six pairs in many colors.  Everyone who sees these shoes always ask what they are and where I can get them.  Amazon.com has a great sellection and a fantastic price.
this was a gift for my wife and she loves it. the sizes run realy small i would suggest getting a size bigger. well made shipped fast very happy.
I purchased this on-line shortly before a trip to the Caribbean. The size runs almost a little big, and I found them to be highly supportive. I have fallen arches and w/o a great arch support my toes cramp, and this shoe was super supportive--no cramping after a day of wear and lots of walking! The micro-fiber style to the trim makes for great comfort from the start. there was no &#34;breaking-in&#34; of this shoe for me. A good shoe at a good price!
This pretty little ring is adorable! I was looking for a replacement wedding ring. I wanted something simple and delicate looking. This definitely fit the bill! It's beautiful and fit perfectly. The price at 2.99 was amazing and now I see that it's only 1.99! Excellent product and I would definitely recommend it!
I love it whatever  event rather its dressed or casual this dress does it and you can feel comfortable & sexy the whole time.
This is a beautiful little charm supporting survivors and research of cervical/ovarian cancers.The seller delivers quickly, much more quickly than I expected.I'm happy with this purchase and will use this vendor for more charms in the future.
The setting is wonderful.  But the stone is just okay- the ring has to angled just right toward the light to see the green labradorite.  Otherwise you see just a gray stone most of the time.
These shoes are one of my all time favorite shoes...feminine yet business like...comfortable shoe and great heel height...dress it up dress it down...takes you to work and out for dinner...I'm looking for another pair or two to keep in my closet before I can't find them any more!!!  True to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!
This product worked great and did for my wife and I what I was hoping. The package contained a total of three batteries and a single battery lasted over 30 minutes. Very easy to secure in place and start up. Great vibrating action. Perfectly sized. Thank you vibrating tongue manufacturers and distributors :) !!! -KS. Youngstown Ohio.
I love combat boots and I love studs but all the boots that fit in that category look so cheap and everyone has them. Then I came across these and I fell in love. They fit as expected and go with any outfit. Super Satisfied.
I bought these, because I wanted some simple studs for my wedding day. They arrived before estimated time and they looked amazing, they really do sparkle a lot. ALLENLEE
I used my etip gloves for two weeks.  The silver "swipe" tips on both gloves are totally frayed.  This glove is an excellent idea.  Unfortunately it's a total execution failure.  Not what I would have excpected from a North Face product. I used the gloves as inner liners during a two week snowboard trip.  At this point they are so frayed that they don't work anymore and I have to throw the gloves in the garbage.  Only buy these gloves if you're not going to do any sort of outdoor activities requiring touching anything other than your iphone!